readme.md, before:

# About
This is a repository to hold all code and KiCAD design files for a 'temperature puck' which is basically a small puck sized, battery powered temperature monitor.

Two versions will be created. One will be WiFi and the other will be LTE-M.

# Project Constraints
## WiFi Versions
### Battery Life
- Two years
- must have a warning when it is low on batteries.
- must have a way to replace batteries.

### Messages
One update per hour.

### Size
Puck sized.
- 3" in diameter
- 1" thick

### Price
$100

To compete with
- https://tempstick.com/: $290
- https://tempcube.io/: $700

Both those have more extensive features.

### Temperature Range
0 to 40 degrees Celsius

### Ingress Protection
IP 52 (probably will need IP 54 since I don't think 52 is common)
Does not nescessarily needs to be tested.
Battery pack location can be IP42 since it must be removable.

### Physical User Interface
- A Qr Code or something similar to allow for the phone app to be connected to the device.
- Device will create a temperary network to allow user to enter network details
- reset button will be located on bottom to allow entering a new network
- contact info

### App Functions
- Set Alarms that will create a push notifications.
- View the latest temperature
- view a previous temperatures (by default store one month of data on phone, but allow user to change)
- Allow users to submit feedback through app

### Connection and Data Privacy
- MQTT will be used and secured using standard methods
- the physical device will be needed to connect to the server (via QR code or similar)
- MQTT relay server will be made available throughout lifetime at no additional cost (will investigate cost furter)

### Warranty
1 year Warranty

Commit message:

Changed WiFi puck to -20 to 40, and specified app control, outside int.

readme.md, after:

# About
This is a repository to hold all code and KiCAD design files for a 'temperature puck' which is basically a small puck sized, battery powered temperature monitor.

Two versions will be created. One will be WiFi and the other will be LTE-M.

# Project Constraints
## WiFi Versions
### Battery Life
- Two years
- must have a warning when it is low on batteries.
- must have a way to replace batteries.

### Messages
- one message per hour

### Size
Puck sized.
- 3" in diameter
- 1" thick

### Price
$35 in BOM costs for a production run of 1000 pieces.

To compete with
- https://tempstick.com/: $290
- https://tempcube.io/: $700

Both those have more extensive features.

### Temperature Range
-20 to 40 degrees Celsius

### Ingress Protection
IP 52 (probably will need IP 54 since I don't think 52 is common)
Does not nescessarily needs to be tested.
Battery pack location can be IP42 since it must be removable.

### Physical User Interface
- A Qr Code or something similar to allow for the phone app to be connected to the device.
- Device will create a temperary network to allow user to enter network details
- reset button will be located on bottom to allow entering a new network
- contact info

### App Functions
- Set Alarms that will create a push notifications.
- View the latest temperature
- view a previous temperatures (by default store one month of data on phone, but allow user to change)
- Allow users to submit feedback through app
- Will not allow behaviour change or control of device.

### Other Control/Interface functions
Data can be retrieved and ingested into other platforms for use outside of created ecosystem. Can test this by making sure it works with Home Assistant (they have MQTT things).

### Connection and Data Privacy
- MQTT will be used and secured using standard methods
- the physical device will be needed to connect to the server (via QR code or similar)
- MQTT relay server will be made available throughout lifetime at no additional cost (will investigate cost furter)

### Warranty
1 year Warranty
